This is the readme file for Coreutils-8.23 ported for use on PodArch.
Please read carefully the below mentioned changes/directions to use.

Not all utilities from coreutils package are supported on PodArch, 
please read the makefiles mentioned below to know about the list of
supported binaries.

We are not installing the coreutils package,only compiling the binaries for benchmarking
on Podarch. To do this follow the given steps in order to generate the library files and
dependencies for coreutils binaries.

  1.  cd COREUTILS_DIR
      ./configure

   `cd' to the directory containing the package's source code and type
     `./configure' to configure the package for your system.

     Running `configure' might take a while.  While running, it prints
     some messages telling which features it is checking for.

  
  2.  make

     Type `make' to compile the package.

  
  3.  make check

    Optionally, type `make check' to run any self-tests that come with
    the package, generally using the just-built uninstalled binaries.

  4. Next to compile the vanilla and pod binaries follow the steps in the
     respective sections below.


Coreutils Vanilla
===========================================================
The vanilla binaries for coreutils compiled in this folder are nothing but the
statically compiled binaries.

Contents:
	
	1. This folder contains a copy of the source files from src/ folder.

	2. There is also a Makefile located in the folder, specifically for compiling
	   the static vanilla binaries.

Compilation:

	Please read the src/coreutils_vanilla/Makefile to know the library files required to
	compile the coreutils binaries and also use this file to compile the vanilla static
	binaries.

	1.  cd COREUTILS_DIR/src/coreutils_vanilla
	    make

	   Type `make` in src/coreutils_vanilla/ folder to compile the static vanilla binaries.


Coreutils Pod Binaries
=============================================================
Please read the src/coreutils_vanilla/Makefile to know the library files required to
compile the coreutils binaries and also use this file to compile the vanilla static
binaries.

Contents:

	1. This folder contains a copy of the source files from src/ folder.

	2. There is also a Makefile located in the folder, specifically for compiling
	   the static pod binaries as per the directions mentioned in the toolchain.

Changes:

	1. A #include "pod_header.h" statement has been added to the source files(.c files) 
	   in this directory to wrap the glibc function calls for file operations used by the 
	   coreutils binaries. This pod_header.h file is located in PodArch toolchain folder
	   on the path src/toolchain/ .

Compilation:

	1. The PodArch toolchain has a set of defined instructions for pod sealing of a binary,
	   the same set of steps have been followed to compile the coreutils binaries as pod binaries
	   in this folder's Makefile. Please read through the "$(EXECUTABLES)" target to see the
	   exact steps followed.

	2.  cd COREUTILS_DIR/src/coreutils_pod/
	    make

	   Type `make` in src/coreutils_pod/ folder to compile the static pod binaries.


PodArch Toolchain
================================================================

The PodArch toolchain is primarily used for converting a normal static binary to a pod binary,
the process which is called as pod sealing.

Within the coreutils directory structure the PodArch toolchain is located at src/toolchain
wherein it contains the binaries and instructions for pod sealing a binary.
